github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/pkg/knowledge
# github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/pkg/knowledge
pkg\knowledge\lazy_loader.go:1182:2: declared and not used: hitRate
pkg\knowledge\lazy_loader.go:1188:9: cannot use json.RawMessage(`{}`) (value of slice type json.RawMessage) as map[string]interface{} value in return statement
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/pkg/porch
# github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/pkg/porch
pkg\porch\client.go:343:12: declared and not used: content
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/cmd/conductor
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/cmd/a1-sim
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/cmd/intent-ingest
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/cmd/e2-kpm-sim
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/cmd/conductor-watch
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/cmd/fcaps-reducer
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/cmd/fcaps-sim
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/cmd
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/pkg/llm
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/pkg/monitoring
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/pkg/auth
# github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/pkg/llm
pkg\llm\interface_consolidated.go:63:6: Priority redeclared in this block
	pkg\llm\batch_processor.go:154:6: other declaration of Priority
pkg\llm\interface_consolidated.go:66:2: PriorityLow redeclared in this block
	pkg\llm\batch_processor.go:160:2: other declaration of PriorityLow
pkg\llm\interface_consolidated.go:68:2: PriorityHigh redeclared in this block
	pkg\llm\batch_processor.go:168:2: other declaration of PriorityHigh
pkg\llm\interface_consolidated.go:69:2: PriorityCritical redeclared in this block
	pkg\llm\batch_processor.go:176:2: other declaration of PriorityCritical
pkg\llm\interface_consolidated.go:115:6: RequestMetadata redeclared in this block
	pkg\llm\client.go:73:6: other declaration of RequestMetadata
pkg\llm\interface_consolidated.go:146:6: BatchRequest redeclared in this block
	pkg\llm\batch_processor.go:67:6: other declaration of BatchRequest
pkg\llm\interface_consolidated.go:156:6: BatchResult redeclared in this block
	pkg\llm\batch_processor.go:93:6: other declaration of BatchResult
pkg\llm\interface_consolidated.go:171:6: BatchProcessorStats redeclared in this block
	pkg\llm\batch_processor.go:789:6: other declaration of BatchProcessorStats
pkg\llm\interface_consolidated.go:181:6: ClientMetrics redeclared in this block
	pkg\llm\client_consolidated.go:26:6: other declaration of ClientMetrics
pkg\llm\types.go:55:6: CircuitBreakerConfig redeclared in this block
	pkg\llm\circuit_breaker.go:48:6: other declaration of CircuitBreakerConfig
pkg\llm\types.go:55:6: too many errors
github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/pkg/audit/backends
# github.com/thc1006/nephoran-intent-operator/pkg/monitoring
pkg\monitoring\metrics_recorder.go:568:6: MetricsAggregator redeclared in this block
	pkg\monitoring\metrics.go:545:6: other declaration of MetricsAggregator
pkg\monitoring\metrics_recorder.go:576:6: NewMetricsAggregator redeclared in this block
	pkg\monitoring\metrics.go:557:6: other declaration of NewMetricsAggregator
pkg\monitoring\predictive_sla_analyzer.go:18:6: PredictiveSLAAnalyzer redeclared in this block
	pkg\monitoring\predictive_analyzer.go:11:6: other declaration of PredictiveSLAAnalyzer
pkg\monitoring\predictive_sla_analyzer.go:64:6: NewPredictiveSLAAnalyzer redeclared in this block
	pkg\monitoring\predictive_analyzer.go:54:6: other declaration of NewPredictiveSLAAnalyzer
pkg\monitoring\sla_components.go:19:6: AvailabilityStatus redeclared in this block
	pkg\monitoring\predictive_analyzer.go:248:6: other declaration of AvailabilityStatus
pkg\monitoring\sla_components.go:35:6: LatencyStatus redeclared in this block
	pkg\monitoring\predic